=head1 NAME

Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial - Step-by-step introduction to KinoSearch toolset.

=head1 ABSTRACT 

Explore KinoSearch's basic functionality by starting with a minimalist CGI
search app based on L<Search::Kino03::KSx::Simple> and transforming it, step by step, into an
"advanced search" interface utilizing more flexible core modules like
L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Indexer> and L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Searcher>.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Chapters

=over

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::Simple> - Build a bare-bones search app using
L<Search::Kino03::KSx::Simple>.

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::BeyondSimple> - Rebuild the app using
core classes like L<Indexer|Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Indexer> and
L<Searcher|Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Searcher> in place of Search::Kino03::KSx::Simple.

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::FieldType> - Experiment with different field
characteristics using subclasses of L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::FieldType>.

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::Analysis> - Examine how the choice of
L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Analysis::Analyzer> subclass affects search results.

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::Highlighter> - Augment search results with
highlighted excerpts.

=item *

L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Tutorial::QueryObjects> - Unlock advanced search features
by using Query objects instead of query strings.

=back

=head2 Source materials

The source material used by the tutorial app -- an html presentation of the
United States constitution -- can be found in the C<sample>
directory at the root of the KinoSearch distribution, along with finished
indexing and search apps.

    sample/indexer.pl        # indexing app
    sample/search.cgi        # search app
    sample/us_constitution   # html documents

=head2 Conventions

The user is expected to be familiar with OO Perl and basic CGI programming.

The code in this tutorial assumes a Unix-flavored operating system and the
Apache webserver, but will work with minor modifications on other setups.

=head1 SEE ALSO

More advanced and esoteric subjects are covered in
L<Search::Kino03::KinoSearch::Docs::Cookbook>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2005-2009 Marvin Humphrey

=head1 LICENSE, DISCLAIMER, BUGS, etc.

See L<KinoSearch> version 0.30.

